
4. ドメイン内のすべてのサーバを再起動

$ kubectl apply -f domain_restart.yaml
domain.weblogic.oracle/sample-domain1 configured

$ kubectl get pods -n sample-domain1-ns --watch
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
sample-domain1-admin-server      1/1     Running   0          38m
sample-domain1-managed-server1   1/1     Running   0          37m
sample-domain1-managed-server2   1/1     Running   0          35m


sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Pending   0          0s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Pending   0          0s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Completed           0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Completed           0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Completed           0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Terminating         0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-4tg9b   0/1     Terminating         0          5s
sample-domain1-admin-server         1/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-admin-server         1/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
sample-domain1-admin-server         0/1     Running             0          3s
sample-domain1-admin-server         1/1     Running             0          38s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Running             0          40m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Running             0          39m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Terminating         0          40m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Running             0          3s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Running             0          65s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Terminating         0          40m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Terminating         0          41m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Running             0          4s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Running             0          67s

$ kubectl get pods -n sample-domain1-ns
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
sample-domain1-admin-server      1/1     Running   0          8m9s
sample-domain1-managed-server1   1/1     Running   0          6m59s
sample-domain1-managed-server2   1/1     Running   0          5m23s

