
5. クラスタ内のすべてのサーバを再起動

$ kubectl apply -f cluster_restart.yaml
cluster.weblogic.oracle/sample-domain1-cluster-1 configured

$ kubectl get pods -n sample-domain1-ns --watch
NAME                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
sample-domain1-admin-server      1/1     Running   0          137m
sample-domain1-managed-server1   1/1     Running   0          102m
sample-domain1-managed-server2   1/1     Running   0          100m


sample-domain1-managed-server1   1/1     Running   0          102m
sample-domain1-managed-server2   1/1     Running   0          101m
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Pending   0          1s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Pending   0          1s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     ContainerCreating   0          3s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Completed           0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Completed           0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Completed           0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Terminating         0          5s
sample-domain1-introspector-rbqh8   0/1     Terminating         0          5s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Terminating         0          102m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Terminating         0          101m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Terminating         0          101m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Terminating         0          101m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Terminating         0          101m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Terminating         0          101m
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Pending             0          1s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          1s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      0/1     Running             0          3s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Terminating         0          103m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Terminating         0          103m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Terminating         0          103m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Terminating         0          103m
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Pending             0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          0s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     ContainerCreating   0          2s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      0/1     Running             0          3s
sample-domain1-managed-server2      1/1     Running             0          75s
sample-domain1-managed-server1      1/1     Running             0          75s








